{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13020\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Machine Learning Predictive Modeling Competition.\
\
Goal: Predict the column labeled \'93target\'94 using the numerical (numXX) and categorical attributes (catXX) as input variables. Accuracy should be measured using Mean Absolute Error (MAE).\
\
THREE Deliverables:\
\
1.) Submission of predictions following the convention in the sampleSubmission file. The 
\f1\b column names on this file should be \'93Row\'94 and \'93Prediction\'94 (both capitalized)
\f0\b0  and contain the predictions for the 77 rows of the test data in the order they are found in the test data. The name of this submission file should be \'93CohortColorTeamNumber.csv\'94 
\f1\b For instance, if you are on Blue team 6, the name of the submission file should be \'93Blue6.csv\'94.
\f0\b0  
\f1\b The color should be capitalized.
\f0\b0  Please follow these rules as I would like to loop through a folder of submissions to calculate the final test MAE to determine a winner. I need the naming convention to make that job easier. \
\
2.) A brief write up that describes your modeling process. This is not your typical IAA report, it can be highly technical and to the point. The audience of this report is myself, you do not have to teach or explain the techniques as if I do not know them. For instance you can say things like \'93We did a grid search over the hyperparameters (eta, depth) to determine an optimal xgboost model.\'94 \
Describe your final model process flow and how you arrived on that as your final model process. Include ideas that you tried even if they didn\'92t work (but only if in hindsight you still consider them good ideas - I don\'92t need you to list failures that turned out to be bad ideas!) \
\
3.) A zip file that contains your commented code or Enterprise Miner project.}